hi everyone so I want to update you guys
on the inversion method if you guys
don't know what it is I will leave a
video down below showing you guys how to
do it but I'm just gonna break it down
to you quickly and an inversion method
is a really really really easy really
cheap way of growing your hair out
faster it's pretty much a simple scalp
massage and some yoga if you want to
know exactly how to do it step-by-step
I will leave that video down below it's
called the how to inversion method you
can grow an inch of hair in 7 days some
people can get two to three inches in
seven days it really depends on your
hair growth and all of that me for
example I got an inch in seven days
which is amazing my normal hair growth
is actually half an inch a month so to
get a whole inch in one month or in one
week it's amazing so with that said as
you guys can see my hair is down it's
actually a lot longer than my last
update video because I've been doing an
inversion method I did it in January
February and I'm gonna do it again in
March and April so far so good it's
still working for me I definitely enjoy
doing an inversion method but for
February I got a little lazy and I
didn't complete the whole seven days of
the inversion method I actually ended up
doing three days and believe it or not I
still got some growth so the way I like
to track my progress is by using a
length check shirt which is this and if
you guys want to purchase one I will
leave the link of where I got mine down
below it's gonna be in the description
box it up and check that out I use this
to track my progress also with the white
shirt like this with lines on it you can
easily see where you have breakage and
you can easily see where you need to cut
your hair last time I updated you guys I
was sitting at line 16
I decided to cut off an inch of hair
just because I didn't like how the ends
of my hair was looking so I cut my hair
to line 15
and two months later which is now I am
back at line 17
so in two months I gained two inches so
the inversion method is definitely
working version method works really
really well for me but I will say that
it does not work for everyone
what you got again
I